[Music]
everyone is a star fairy what are you
afraid of you can't get anywhere
pretending to be someone you're not
when you regret it no one will play
Queen what I know is fancy dress for it
you look like an angry lizard she's got
to make an impression darling so tell me
what makes Queen any different from all
of the other want to be rock stars I
mean tell you what it is mystery we're
four misfits we don't belong together
playing for other misfits you're the
outcast right in the back of the room
we're pretty sure they don't belong
either we belong to them so now the
family name is not good enough for you
changed it legally now looking back we
were going to do something different
it's my money I say what girls we can't
simply repeat ourselves no we can do
better
[Music]
buddy could you tell us about the rumors
in signing of sexuality
Queen how long can that last
you don't make decisions for the bank
your life is going to be very difficult
and me
we believe in each other
and everything
we are going to do great things
it's an experience love tragedy joy
something that people would feel belongs
to them
[Music]
you